and my first guest joins me here in the
studio mr. Michael effingham he is the
CEO of a company called natural current
LLC Michael welcome to the program thank
you I also want to welcome your device
this apparatus here which is between us
at the news desk you call it the Savior
exactly what is this it's a solar pump
and filter system and allows consumers
with pools spas ponds or open bodies of
water to process the water through a
filter in the conventional way is simply
a pump in a filter with the plumbing and
here we have it right in the body of the
water where we have a very energy
efficient pump running off the solar
panel directly with no batteries and
allows us to go ahead and filter that
water through cartridge filters now does
this basically replace that pond or pool
pump or does it augment it i mean what's
the real deal well each body of water
has its own environment how it sits and
settles with its environment fires
debris going in and breaking down but we
definitely have the ability to eliminate
that pump and filter system absolutely
it's amazing now I look at this thing is
that you know as a full slate here of
solar panels on top so this is the power
generation station right here basically
that's correct everything this needs
comes from here that's great no
electricity well that is electric shock
but no you have to plug it in you have
to recharge it there's no battery on
this aspect that's amazing now
installation is how difficult throw in
the pool yeah one just opens up the box
once they get it shipped to their house
and they just pull it in the pool and
anyway they go we do have accessories
for it which allows people to do lights
kit alarms child alarms gate alarms and
we can also test the water far as
chemistry so the sestri pack around it
is just extremely powerful and and you
know as you might know or not know the
second leading cause to one of 14 year
old death rates is drowning in people
swimming pools so we think we can also
eliminate that as well long as they had
our appliance so the appliances in the
polls filtering the water but it can
also tell me that my child has fallen in
the pool while I'm in another part of
the house and i can run and grab grab
him in Toronto I mean well it's a
lifeguard absolutely well we're going to
definitely alert you prior to for it
okay ciao going into the pool but if he
the child is in the pool we can
said the GPS coordinates where that pool
is we could not call 911 for you well so
you'll actually call 911 not only your
lifeguard but you're kind of like a head
of the staff the Emergency Response
Teams I mean that's unbelievable now
I've got a neighbor I live in Orange
County California everybody around us
has pool and I've got a neighbor that
put one in and we hear that thing about
12 or 14 hours a day and it sounds like
a car idling and add library this
basically eliminates that entirely but
not only that his electrical costs must
be enormous oh well each pulse each pool
owner spends a dollar to five dollars a
day just to run their pool pump so
that's 30 to 150 dollars on average to
own a swimming pool well so the savings
that we're able to give the consumer far
as the day they use it is immediate now
to people who are watching the program
right now and they're saying okay I own
a pool this can't quite possibly be as
effective as my big behemoth $150 a
month pool filter filtration system how
do you answer that question well that
might be the case in certain scenarios
but one can also buy our bigger version
this is our 55 watt 10,000 gallon unit
we go all the way up to 40,000 gallons
which is just a bigger panel bigger
float that floats on top of the water
and does it but we also have called
bottom feeders and they simply sit down
the bottom to pull by your main drain
okay and then you could take the solar
panel and put it away from the trees on
the fence or where you like and we can
also heat the water as well because from
the return flow of our savior's or
bottom feeders we can send it through a
solar water heaters and heat your pull
up to about 100 degrees Wow free now so
you put it in the pool you let it float
around in the pool let's say you're
having a big pool party 20 people coming
over can you just take it out
temporarily or absolutely but we find
that it's such a conversation piece that
can people love to put their glasses on
or just let it spin around the pool and
you can do that absolutely there's
definitely a no danger on the angles but
to pull it out it's like pulling out a
raft or or something like that makes no
noise well it makes a little bit of a
home but you'd really have to put your
ear to it but nothing like what we're
cutting so virtually no noise no call
for installation zero cost to operate no
batteries no effect on the environment
zero well you mean I let me answer that
on a no effect on the environment but if
you want to go into the manufacturing
and building everything there's always
everybody has some affection I mean as
far as the operation of this device
there's no emissions there's nothing
there's nothing to it it's also a
powered nothing to but when you go into
the IRA I device far as the intelligent
aspect connected to our server so we're
able to pick up a distressed human voice
our radar system our lights are chemical
testing so our full accessory kit that
has a battery pack underneath the
parachute ok so our accessory kit does
have that now is that battery again
charged by the idea solar panel so it's
never a point where you've got to plug
this thing in to recharge it sometime I
mean it's essentially self-sufficient
with respect to the power it requires to
operate that's why it's called the
Savior ok one if we had a big problem
mother nature decided to waive its hand
now one can drink their swimming pool
water they can have filter water to
drink it they can have power source now
so they'll always have a light on and in
really developing countries when I
really got into the scope of putting it
all together it is the Saviour really
came to me simply because what we can do
in a developing country in a hut and we
can just drop this off and all of a
sudden they can kind of live like you
and I with internet access as well wow
that's just amazing I mean I've never
seen anything quite like this I'm sure
people watching I'm not seen anything
quite like this so they're saying how do
I get my hands on right right let's talk
about first what a unit like this cost
this is about 699 699 go that's correct
so you'll make your return on investment
less than a year sounds like you make
you return your investment basically in
one swimming season especially in
southern calif sure absolutely wow
that's amazing so six hundred ninety
nine dollars and there are accessories
you can add if you want to of course
where where is it for sale amazon we
just going live with lows true value
Sam's Club so I've been putting a lot of
effort in to get it to the consumer on
those formats so I'm doing everything I
can I'm totally natural current LLC is
the name of the company this product is
fine products called the Savior this is
one
was remarkable things I think we've had
on this program we've been on the air
for 16 years website natural current
calm yes and save your pool save your
cool calm go check out the website
that's also available at amazon a number
of other places Michael looking forward
to talking more with you about this
product over the next several weeks
remarkable thanks for joining us thank
you so much